Hear ye, hear ye, Armenians.
This is Dan Harmon talking to you from the studio,
as opposed to live on stage,
simply because we lost the first three minutes
of our recording due to a little technical crash,
it happens.
You only miss the very beginning of the live recording,
but so I'm just introducing it to make it make sense.
While I've got your ear, I will caution you,
this is an unexpectedly intimate episode of Harmontown.
And I, you know, they're not usually family fair,
but I will say, if you had any respect for me
or my friend Rob Schrab,
and it was based in any way on our manners,
or our concern for our own posteriors,
and lack of experimentation with them,
you know, maybe don't listen to this episode.
Maybe just watch community and the other shows
and comic books and things that we make,
and think of us as decent people,
but you're gonna, if you do listen on,
you're gonna hear a story from me about my butt hole,
and a story from Rob about his.
We didn't plan for that to be the theme of the evening,
but it really turned out to be the case.
That's about it.
Oh, I also just wanna plug Harmontown Schrab's Found Crap,
which is gonna be part of the Everything Is Terrible festival
on August 26th, I think at 5.30 p.m.
Come see, Rob Schrab puts together
all these amazing found footage things.
If you're in Los Angeles or near Los Angeles,
it's definitely worth coming out for.
Both he and I will be there and love to see you there.
So we now join Harmontown in progress
just to give you the context.
Jeff started the show with some sexy music.
We were talking about sexy music.
It reminded me of the fact
that I had given my girlfriend a little fashion show recently
to Shade music, or I'm sorry, one more time.
So we now join Harmontown in progress,
just to give you the context.
What you miss at the beginning
is that Jeff started the show with some sexy music
which reminded me of the fact
that I had given my girlfriend
a little fashion show a couple days earlier
because she had bought me some new clothes.
So here we go.
And she said what music makes you feel sexy?
And I immediately inexplicably blurted out, Shade.
So it's just like, we're just playing a Shade album
and I was trying on a bunch of checkered nerd shirts.
Was it Smooth Operator?
Yeah, well, that was Smooth Operator was in there.
Sweetest Taboo, of course.
I remember, it brought to mind a memory
that I thought was so odd.
When I was in junior high in Milwaukee in the 80s,
they had this thing.
They were called desegregation traps.
They had come up with this thing
where we had so many inner city schools
that were so predominantly African-American.
By the way, I hate that phrase.
Isn't that a little demeaning African-American?
They're not African.
That makes it sound like they're foreigners.
No one has a, well, no one is more American
than a black person.
Who has more right to not be hyphenated like that?
That's terrible.
Anyways, but it's up to them.
I actually thought, I always thought,
but it's, you know.
What?
We're gonna do race again.
I thought we settled this in like three Harmontowns.
I didn't even get a chance to talk about it last time.
You dicks got all, all open to you about it.
He wanted to hear about Mars rovers
and, you know, Schrab was heckling and we might bring
Schrab up later.
I want him to tell his butthole doctor story,
but I'm way off track already.
This is not a, this is gonna be a low-key harmony.
I'm very, very hungover.
What was I just talking about?
Okay, race, desegregation.
It doesn't, nothing, I, it doesn't really,
the story has nothing to do with race, really.
I bet it does.
I, in eighth grade, seventh and eighth grade,
I went to Stuyben Middle School.
Stuyben.
And, you know, I was, you know,
I went to Stuyben Middle School.
And it was, it was for the computer specialty,
which was a desegregation trap.
In reality, they had six Apple II E's in the basement.
And they just wanted to, they were trying to bus
white kids into schools that were so disproportionately black.
And so I was like one of six white kids there
to use their Apple II E's in the school.
It was great.
By the way, white people, much more racist than black people.
That's, that's a, that's a genetic trait
that I can actually, I believe in,
because I went to, for much of my public school life,
I went to predominantly black schools.
And I never got picked on or,
it was only when I went to the suburbs
and started, you know, in these more predominantly white schools,
I started getting picked on like a,
remember a girl took a piece of tape
and taped it secretly to a pair of jeans
as a way of tracking how often I wore them in a week.
Ooh.
Like I was some kind of animal.
I was like, this did, black people don't do this.
That's, that's a stereotype.
I am, I am comfortable saying black people are nicer than this.
I'm not, I'm not a big fan of racial constructs,
but I believe black people are nicer
and less racist than white people there.
Okay.
I did get a little, so I was going,
the story's not about race, everybody.
Would you guys take it easy?
This is, this story will not lean towards race.
And we're, you know what I'm saying?
We, we chased NT off.
Where's NT?
There are, he was, he was, he was always in the front row.
Empty seat.
Em, empty, empty seat.
Uh, dumb.
Edit it out.
Just stupid.
Leave it.
It stays.
I, I'm not, I'm not witty tonight.
I'm not, I can tell.
I have a verbal thinker and I can,
I can feel the muscle in my, in my verbal lobe.
Uh, you know, I can tell you,
there's days when it's on fire, you know,
and it's kind of spinning and, and, and,
and you know, I was like, I'm going to rock it.
Uh, talking to people tonight.
Can I, can I, have we told the story
or can I ask you to tell the story about a roll call?
Uh, and you know what I'm talking about?
The guy?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The guy who subverted roll call?
Yeah, that, that, well, that all, yeah.
That takes place at the same school.
I just wanted to tell the story.
I don't know, I don't, I don't think it's a good story.
So buckle up.
Uh, Shade reminded me of this.
Shade.
I was, I was in this computer specialty school
and I was in my one computer class.
I was taught by this guy named Mr. Blanchett.
He caught a girl slipping, uh, uh, uh,
another girl on note or something.
And he, and so he did that awesome thing
where you take the note and then he, he, he read it out loud.
And it was just some, it was like,
it was the girl was making fun of some other kid in the class
by going, uh, oh, I know, I know, I know you love, uh, uh,
Ronald.
I know, you know, he, I know he gives you the sweetest taboo.
And he, he's face turned purple.
And he's like, you don't even know what that means.
You know what, I ain't even talking about that.
You're 13 years old.
You don't even know what that means.
I was like, no one knows what that means.
You're not, you're not a real Shade fan.
Yeah, exactly.
The hardest core Shade fan.
I've been to four of her concerts.
I just really, I'm pretty sure it means fucking, uh, probably.
And no one knows what that means more than a bunch of 13 year olds.
Like, we're, we're, we're coming in our pants.
Like, like, like, like, like, like by reading math books,
like at that age, everybody gets,
the school smelled like Gen Con.
It was so, uh, it was, you know,
there was so much testosterone and estrogen bursting out of us.
Our faces were festooned with, with hormonal acne.
And all of us were, you know,
running into dark corners to touch ourselves every chance we got.
I think, I think we know what the sweetest taboo is.
I think it's bucket.
Uh, in that same school, because you requested the story.
This one is by request.
Um, we were taking roll call.
We're going to play sexy music over this.
We were taking roll call as math class.
The teacher said, it was the beginning of the school year.
And the teacher said, I'll call your name.
You say here if you're here.
Also, if you have a name that you prefer to be called,
you can let me know then.
And what she meant is what happened to be like, you know,
she'd say, uh, LaShonda Johnson.
And then LaShonda would say, here, Shonda's fine.
Okay, Shonda.
Um, and, uh, uh, Deon Nash, uh, here.
Uh, you can call me Dee.
Dee, okay, great.
Um, and then she calls this one guy's name.
Uh, Trevor Smith.
And this kid goes, uh,
you may call me Royal Champagne.
Just 12-year-old kid.
And she went, no.
Royal Champagne.
It's so good.
Uh, if I had been that teacher, I would have said, all right.
And I would have called him up to the board every time.
Yeah.
Uh, what's the square root of 151?
Royal Champagne, would you treat us?
Well, there was such a, she was probably scared.
It was like, uh, you know, you never knew back then it was like,
they had to have rules against magic markers.
It was such an odd thing.
I don't know if this, if this was a place in time or if this is true for
12 and 13-year-olds in middle school, but everyone was obsessed with gangs.
None of us were in any, uh, like, but everyone was like,
they were always drawing little pitchfork symbols and, and, and stars.
They were gang symbols for the local Milwaukee gangs on the walls.
This is, this is junior high school?
Or, uh, this is junior high.
Yeah, we're, I mean, we're not, you know, but nobody in that school was
rolling with the two seven boys, uh, which was one of the local gangs
from 27th Street and then there were the black gangster disciples,
BGD, and their symbol was like a little pitchfork.
Um, I'm holding up my hand to form a little pitchfork.
Those pitchforks aren't straight, man.
Oh God.
That reminds me of the story.
I'm like, yeah, there was a, we were in metal shop and, uh,
then the teacher put on a slide projector and then just like 85,
like pitchfork shadows come into, into the thing, including me probably.
It just became a thing. It was like that and beatboxing, we were all just doing it.
It was, it was the culture.
It was like, you did, people were walking down the hall just going,
um, you just did it all the time.
Wait, wait, wait, that was pretty good.
Yeah.
I, I, I went to shooibin.
No, no, no, no one actually did that.
That was a, don't, don't extend yourself.
Yeah.
Well, no, that's, that's the hacky thing.
My, my mom, I used to come home and do that.
My mom's impressed.
I should go, well, you stop doing that with the,
I'm stop, I'm stop, I'm stop, I'm stop.
I'm stop, I'm stop.
There's not a white guy in this room that hasn't tried his hand at beatbox at some point.
We've all tried it.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm darn good at it in a pinch.
Uh, the, uh, so, so, uh, let's see, there was budge.
Oh yeah.
So, so, so all these pitchfork shadows come into the slide projectors,
uh, uh, illumination and, uh, and then you just hear this guy,
John Morse, uh, who was this big tall, he was like,
seemed like it was nine feet tall.
You know, it was one of those beanpole, like, like, like,
like, sprouters and, uh, and he was kind of like,
I think it was a little touched.
I think he was one of those kids who slips through the cracks.
Like he's, he wasn't special enough to take advantage of being special.
He was, he was just, you know, you just, you just felt like he was,
he was destined for, for bad times or Verizon employment, you know,
like, he's, he's just going to end up and, and, and, and he,
he would, he would just sit in the class and beat box and do his
pitchforks and then like, uh, he, yeah, all those shadows came in
and then you, he is like, the shop teacher is like,
okay, we're going to watch a film strip.
And he says, all right, all right, all right.
He's so sick of seeing pitchfork shadows.
And then you just hear John Morse is the last one in there.
You see his other hand come in and physically straighten his own
fingers like he's perfecting his pitchfork.
And then you just hear John Morse in the, in the dark,
uh, metal shop room go, damn, my pitchforks is straight,
which was not a thing.
It was not a, he was, no one cared how straight your pitchforks were.
That was, that's a, that's a, that's a 13 year old brain,
you know, uh, uh, uh, uh, you know, it's, it's sad really.
It's like this gang culture and all kids are pure of heart
and just want to have fun and do things better than, you know,
we just want to play video games and fuck around.
Uh, pitchforks, um, uh, my car might get blown up
by the blank gangster disciples tonight.
I don't know.
I don't know if they're comfortable with me talking about them.
Uh, one of their sayings was false flag is a fag.
Ooh.
Yeah.
You weren't, you weren't supposed to throw up pitchforks
if you weren't actually in BGD.
I went to, I went to public school in Los Angeles
during the late 80s, early 90s.
And that's when everybody was in a gang, like for real.
And you went to a party.
You could go to a party in like a, a, a lower class neighborhood,
a, a working class, middle class, upper class neighborhood,
and gangs would come, like the, like Compton Crips,
like Bloods would come, like a big bad gun totem,
bad motherfuckers would show up.
And we were all just like nerds.
And like, like, like, I used to wear like,
cause I was like a body border and I had dreadlocks.
Hey man.
It was 1987.
You guys weren't there.
I had like natural dreadlocks.
I also, I also had a tan picture of that.
I mean, even us in Milwaukee were into the ocean Pacific culture.
And you really lived on ocean Pacific.
I would like, I would like,
I would like wear like a little like bandana,
but I was smart enough that you,
you couldn't wear like eight colors.
There were eight colors that if you wore,
someone would come up to you and grab it.
And I was like a, an arcade bowling alley kind of thing.
And I walked outside and I had like a green,
like bandana on like, you know,
kind of tied in the back.
Like, I don't know what I was doing.
And I got jumped by 12 guys and they just came up
and just like kicked me in the chest, knocked me down.
I'm all alone.
I was, you know, I'm six foot four now,
but I was, I was, I was five foot four as a freshman
in high school.
I grew 10 and a half inches.
So I was very little and very skinny.
And these six Latino guys jumped me
and the main alpha dude walks up
and he grabs my bandana off and he goes,
yo bro, you want your rag back?
You got to claim it back from Cactus Bunch.
What in the fuck?
What in the strawberry shortcake?
Unicorn mythology.
Cactus?
What?
Cactus pickles?
What were they called?
It was the first I'd heard of them.
What did you say?
Cactus Bunch.
Bunch?
A bunch.
That's like a Don Knotts Tim Conway movie.
A bunch?
They weren't, I'm not saying it was the toughest gang in town.
I'm saying, I'm saying there was 14 of them
and they had my, they had my rag.
So the guy took the fucking bandana off
and he goes, you want his back?
You got to claim it from Cactus Bunch.
Bunch.
Yeah.
Well, well.
Cactus, Cactus Bunch, Cactus Bunch was even more dangerous.
That's how their wives were.
Yeah, they met at the Bellaire Hotel every Sunday.
Little cucumber sandwiches and they would just talk shit.
They said, claim it from Cactus Bunch.
And I was like, hey man, I found that.
It's yours to keep.
It gets too cold in Milwaukee for people to be that violent.
We all have to hibernate.
We have to save our energy.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, my apologies to the black gangster disciples,
the two seven boys and the Cactus Bunch,
and the Cactus Bunch, especially the Cactus Bunch,
because, because we really took them.
I want the Cactus Bunch members that are listening to the podcast
to know my issue is not with your manhood.
It's simply with your nomenclature.
It's your ability to name your gang properly that I question.
I don't question your ability to murder me.
Cactus Bunch, it's so adorable.
We're the hug a bunch.
There's a really old school gang in Los Angeles called Las Cantaranas,
which is the singing frogs.
But they're a very, very old, like, you know, veterano gang.
All right.
Well, my hat's off to them.
Rags at half-mast.
Pitchforks straight.
Let's get off this topic.
I feel like I'm going to get in trouble.
But speaking of bummers, tonight is going to be a bummer.
That's why I got fashion and style advice questions from you guys.
It's because I wanted to commit to tonight being a bummer.
I'm very hungover.
I went to a bachelor party last night.
Like I told you, I woke up this morning and I knew I'm not going to be funny tonight.
I'm not going to be insightful.
I'm not going to be witty.
I'm only going to waste your time and steal your $10.
So I wanted to just be above board about that.
And so for the questions that we got from the audience tonight, they're on a topic that I am bound to fail at speaking to,
which is style and fashion.
I picked the worst topic that I could think of to commit to tonight being the worst Harmontown ever.
So buckle up.
And if you're listening at home, stop.
Dan, someone from our audience asks, why do all girls think they can wear leggings?
What does that mean?
Because they can.
Young man?
Well, aren't they kind of a one-size-fits-all?
Are leggings just like tights without feet?
I think that someone's saying that some people wear them to greater acclaim and success than other people.
Well, that's everything.
That's all clothes.
I'm already pissed off at this category.
What the hell are you talking about?
You chose the topic.
That's not the tyranny of hot people.
If you look good, you can wear a towel.
Why do you have to also, in addition to that, ugly people are the ones who should be caring the most about clothes.
You shouldn't go, oh, her ass is too fat.
She shouldn't be wearing those pants.
Fuck you, you bad person.
I told you, I wasn't kidding, man.
I'm not on all four cylinders tonight.
I'm on two.
Why?
Because they can.
They can wear leggings.
Shame on you.
You snarky David Spade type.
All right, Dan.
Let's see you in a pair of leggings.
Ms. Thang or Mr.
And this question, if you were a lady.
I will say this.
Sorry.
Here's a good question that should be asked.
Why do some women, how do you find out as a woman, when do you learn who tells you what newsletter do you get that tells you that you can't just wear tights as pants?
You ever go to the mall and you just see some lady who didn't get the telegram.
She's just wearing, it's so jarring visually.
So it's like, you're just not wearing any pants.
Those are underwear.
And you're just wearing them like you do.
Is it just like a thing that you see someone else doing it and then you do it and that's like someone has to, you know, tights aren't pants for sure.
I know that.
That's not like a no white after labor day thing.
That's like a you can't just wear underwear for pants.
Those are tights.
But you love tights.
Yeah, I do, but I like them because I mean their tights aren't really just just wearing a pair of tights walking around the mall isn't that's not flattering on anybody.
You could be, I'm going to date myself, Cindy Crawford.
I don't know who's who's hot now.
Who's who's the Kate Moss?
You could be Kate Moss.
Let's get lost tonight.
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight.
Dan, if you were a lady, somebody asked and I am.
What kind of dress would you wear?
Oh, that's a good question.
If I were a, if I were a lady, I would, I would, I would, I think I would dress a lot like the, the beautiful red headed poet girl from head of the class.
I think I would have a kind of like Laura Ingalls wilder kind of Bohemian Edie Brackel kind of.
I think I'd wear a lot of very long skirts with with with with now you're dating yourself with with tights and like like a cardigan sweater.
You're like, you're like a like a horny Iceman or your, your, your, your boner is frozen in like 1987.
Oh man, it really is.
I, I, I, I, you know, for pornography, while other people are going to the you porn and the, and the porn hub dot coms, I will often, I believe me, I will go there too.
But I will often go to YouTube and just type in like aerobics.
And it's enough for me.
Cynthia Caroluck was a Canadian fitness lady.
She was just, she was just 80s.
She was intact this bunch, wasn't she?
She went to, she would always, you know, she would, she would pronounce a boot wrong and tell you how to exercise.
And she would, you know, she'd wear like these like leotards and cross trainers and white socks and tights, pantyhose, whatever, whatever.
What is your obsession with like, because like, I like stockings, but like for some reason tights less so.
I can't qualify why that is, but you love tights and like leggings.
I just like, I like women.
I like that they're soft and fun to touch.
I want them to be, I just, I like, I like the, you know, it's weird.
Fetishes are weird because there's a, there's a logic to them to a certain degree, but then there's just some weird, I think something happened to me when I was six years old or something.
A lot of people who have like feet fetishes or, or like nylon fetishes, they'll, they'll have memories of like playing under the table with their matchbox cars.
Well, and their, and their aunt was crossing and uncrossing their legs.
Like they'll have a visceral memory of some sexual awakening for them.
And I think what it is, is that I think your brain just pops like popcorn.
I think, I think there's a certain point as a primate that you're just walking down the street and, and you're going to turn into a sexual entity.
And, and, and unfortunately, whatever you're looking at, whatever, whatever's around you, you're going to, okay, he's a chocolate file.
Wait, it's a Hersha file.
I don't remember what era it would have been, but I'm pretty sure I drove one of my, like either my old crappy Volkswagen or my shitty Honda.
And I drove you to Sunset and La Brea to, was it a Wendy's or an El Pollo?
Oh man, this is a little embarrassing.
Yeah.
Okay, go ahead.
Yes, you drove me to buy, this is before the internet was really a thing.
I'll say.
You drove me to buy, I was, I had arranged.
It was like going to a drug deal.
I had arranged to buy VHS tapes from a guy who was in town who I, on the internet, the internet existed, but it wasn't like a place where you could watch video yet.
That, that didn't happen until Rob Schrab and I invented it with Channel 101.
Do you want to explain what VHS tapes are?
They are these giant cassettes.
Shut up.
You drove me to a clandestine meeting with a guy who made videos of women just basically wearing tights and pantyhose and hanging out.
Like you wouldn't, it doesn't even count as pornography, like there's a certain breed of video I watch where it's like, it'll just be a woman at a desk just going like, hello sir.
You want me to hold your calls and then she just kind of crosses her legs.
It's called James Bond.
And then they start just robbing and I just, next day.
But a guy like, you got out of my car and we're at the Wendy's or El Pollo Loco or whatever it was, Sunset and La Brea.
And I'm waiting in the car like, shit, something's about to go bad, man.
I got a bad feeling about this.
And a guy came out with a ratty old cardboard box full of VHS tapes.
Well, because I'm not going to buy one, so I bought all of them.
And it wouldn't make sense to buy one.
Like, okay, how many do you have?
And at the time I was just kind of rolling and like heat vision and Jack money.
Like, I didn't know what to do.
I was living in a one bedroom apartment in Hollywood.
Just 550 a month and I had like $300,000, like, you know, just sitting in a pile.
And I was like, what do I do?
What do we do?
A Wilcox apartment?
Yeah.
Wilcox.
That apartment was amazing.
Cause there was a little like, like a eight unit like apartment building.
Like this is a regular old like Hollywood apartment building.
And you walked in and Dan had bought the world's biggest desk.
Like the desk was most of the room, right?
Yeah.
It was almost as big as my living room.
Dan, at that point in his life, had decided he was going to be like Einstein and wear
the same outfit every day, so yeah.
Seth Brundle.
So yeah, he'd gone to Sears and bought like what, like a dozen of the same blue shirts.
I got like these baby blue short sleeve button shirts and like six black ties.
So if you wanted to visit Dan, it looked like he wanted to go visit the manager of the local
Albertsons.
Except, I dressed like Gus from Breaking Bad, but there was porn, mountain dew and pizza
boxes everywhere.
Yeah, there was a lot of porn and a little mannequin part sometimes.
So I never got to see that hidden away in his bedroom, there was the only part of Dan's
life that had any shame that he wouldn't allow everybody to see.
Like I went toward the bedroom, you kind of demurred one time when I went toward the bedroom
and like, no, no, no, no, that's the menagerie.
Well, that's what Rob called it, the menagerie.
What was the menagerie?
Well, it was, look, I was trying to figure out who I was and what I was into.
I knew it had something to do with legs and nylon and...
And cadavers.
Well, you certainly would have a strong case for profiling me as a serial killer back then.
I've since moved on and I date human women now and everything's fine, but yeah, I was
like, well, here, what my thing was, I was a serial monogamous, I kept getting in these
relationships, I kept wasting women's time and then it always ended in heartbreak and
I was like, you know, I sure like jerking off and if I can just figure out how to do
it perfectly, if I can just be the Chuck Jagger of masturbation, if I can figure out what
it is that really flips my switches and then just be happy.
That was the whole point behind getting the shirts and that was also, there was a reading
Campbell's Hero of the Thousand Faces for the first time and I was becoming obsessive
as drawing circles everywhere and like trying to figure out this, like simplify the story
model.
I was self-actualized, I admired that mannequin fucking a Gus Fring serial killer.
What comprised the menagerie?
It was just, okay, at one point I bought a mannequin to see what that would be like.
A full body mannequin.
Yeah, because I thought-
Where do you go to buy a mannequin?
You were like online, it was like I ordered it from like a mannequin warehouse.
Did you pretend to be like a fashion designer or something?
I don't know, well, I fell back on the idea that what I was doing was so weird that no
one would ever suspect, no one would ever go, hey, are you gonna fuck this?
Who would think that?
I'm weird.
I bet that amounts to like 50% of their mannequin sales.
I read stuff about, there's a whole branch of the fetish that's like, you know, there
was a story in the paper, there's no such thing as paper anymore, but there was a story
online, I remember reading about a guy who got arrested because for the third time or
something he smashed a display window of a certain story.
He was in love with a mannequin.
There was one specific one that he kept abducting and he couldn't, he would rather break the
law than go home without her.
Wait, did the mannequin keep escaping and go back to work?
Why did he have to do it three times?
Well, as soon as there was no one around, she would turn into Kim Cottrell and, no,
it was, I don't know, I think they would catch him because he was better at loving mannequins
than he was a criminal.
I mean, I don't think he was, if he was a good criminal, if his passion was for crime,
he would have robbed a bank.
He was just so horny for this mannequin that he was breaking glass and he was getting caught
because it's probably hard to abscond with those things.
Isn't there a mannequin in Silver Lake or Los Feliz that you have a thing for?
Say what?
Isn't there a mannequin that you have a little crush on?
Well, no, that's, that's McGathey's jealous of this, this, this mannequin on Hillhurst
that is a, there's a record store and there's a mannequin in the window that's like sitting
in like a, like a reclining chair and she's listening to headphones and she has a red
wig on.
So pretty, pretty sweet, but I, I, her bit is when we walk past it, she gets jealous
of the mannequin.
That's her, that's her bit.
And I'm over mannequins now, man.
I, I, I love the, I love the real thing.
I wasn't, I wasn't really into mannequins per se.
I was, I was trying to become the most self-reliant man in the world.
I was trying to, as long as we're here, as long as we're down at the bottom of this fucking
circle, I'll, I'll say it, I bought a real doll.
One of those things online, like it's like a $5,000, like, I think somebody just gasped
and it's, it's pretty extreme shit.
It costs a lot of money and then they send you a giant crate and there's a fake woman
in a box and then it's a sex doll.
I bought one.
Rob Schrober and I didn't see you for three months and I was, when you did, you had a
big smile on your face.
I was the best relationship that I had to date at that, at that time.
I, I think it was an important thing because it was like, you talked to, sometimes you
talked to people and they're like, oh, I can't, I can't be in a relationship.
I don't know.
It's, it has something to do with loss of control and that all this stuff.
It's like, you know, figure out who you are and what you want, like, get to the bottom
of your circle.
I think there would be less sexual crime and victimization and objectification of women
if, if men would be a little more like indulgent with themselves of like what they really were
thinking and wanting and, and, and so that they didn't have all this shame that had to
get redirected and come out at weird times with the people that had the misfortune of
running across their path.
I, I, I looked at it like, like I was just trying to, I was, I was looking for the perfect
back scratcher to scratch this itch because I was so, I was becoming so ashamed of myself
for dating women.
It's like, you know that this relationship isn't going to work.
Stop doing this.
Stop putting yourself out there.
When you know that something is going to end with someone else being hurt and you do it
anyway, then you're a bad person.
Figure your shit out.
What do you like?
And the answer is anguora sweaters and nylon.
So is that what you would wear?
Is that what?
If you were a lady, is that what you would wear?
Yeah, I would do that too, but only at home.
I wouldn't like go out in it.
I would like roll around in the bed in it.
If I was a woman, I would just, yeah, I would just, I would just buy a bunch of outfits and
roll around in the bed and look at myself in a mirror.
But I think that's all guys would think that because they'd be like, oh, I'm a woman.
I'm a human playboy.
I was dating a girl one time and I told her I liked stockings so she wore a fishnet stockings.
And during the course of our interplay or intercourse, they, you know, they were torn
a little bit.
So the next morning she left my apartment and then she threw them out in the trash can
by my bed.
So she left and went to work and I'm there and there's these stockings in there.
And I had never put stockings on before and I thought, well, I thought, I'm into stockings.
Let's, let's, if I'm going to jump in the pool, let's touch the bottom.
Let's find out.
I'm not going to, I'm not going to not put them on and wonder if maybe that's where
I'm going with this.
That's what I'm saying.
Well, if I'm Tim Curry from, you know, from Rocky Horror, well, why are you expressing
all this?
I'm not.
Just Mayan wonderment at my, that's what I was doing.
I was trying to figure out like, where does this lead?
Where does this end?
Where does this go?
So I put them on and, you know, it felt pretty good, you know, you put them on and feel kind
of sexy.
Like that's part of what stockings are about.
I don't know why I like them so much, but I put them on, but you know, like I've got
knobby knees and I've got hairy legs.
It didn't look good.
I didn't, I didn't have sexy legs, but they felt kind of good putting on and like, I was
like, oh, that's cool.
I like that.
I like them better on women's legs and my own.
So I took them off.
I, you know, I kind of, you know, I, I, I posed and primped and preened a little bit in front
of the mirror.
I gave, I gave, I gave with a full college try and then I took them off and I threw them
out and I told my girlfriend, I said, you know, I, I pulled your stockings out of
the garbage.
And I tried them on.
I was like, God damn it.
I knew it.
I was going to take it with me.
I knew you'd put them on.
I was like, I didn't.
All right.
Yeah.
I didn't like it.
Uh, you know what?
I did once that I've never told anybody except for, I never told anybody that's except for
the community writer's room because we had a, you know, I encouraged to kind of like
write what you know, explore yourselves, like, like confess things and let's write episodes
about these things.
Uh, I, uh, okay.
The story, you could cut the tension with a knife in here right now.
Well, yeah, because there's absolutely no, isn't that a refreshing thing though to not
know for sure that what I'm about to say isn't going to make your eyes fall out of your head.
I like, you really don't know what I'm about to say because I have established that I might
say anything.
I used to fuck a plastic lady, but here's something I never told anybody.
Yeah.
Uh, the story ends with a sharpie pen up my ass.
It begins innocently enough.
Take us to the hero's journey of this.
Can you make this Kenbellion part of that?
It begins in Milwaukee with Schrab.
Schrab was my first, Schrab's the longest friend that I currently have that I, he's, the friend
that, all of the friends that I have now, Schrab is the guy I've known the longest.
We met in Milwaukee.
I was 17 when I met Schrab.
Uh, Schrab, Schrab told me like once, you know, we started bonding about it.
I was like, well, man, I really like jerking off.
Yeah, me too.
You know, we were, we were, we were friends, we, we communicated with each other.
We were, uh, talking about, we would, we would shower together.
It was, no, I'm kidding.
Um, the, uh, once Schrab, Schrab said, do you know the thing about the prostate, right?
And I said, no, what, what is the thing about the prostate?
Should we get Rob up here to do his, well, we'll get him up in a second.
I might have been to tell this butthole story, but, but, uh, as I guess this night just went
to a weird black hole, like, uh, it was, it was about darkness.
He said it.
Yeah, I guess, but it's, it's kind of joyful.
Um, I don't, I don't mind it so much if it's, it's a little relieving.
Um, uh, I hope no one from CBS or Fox is here.
Um, the, uh, you know, it's, you know, it's, you know, it's really weird is that, is that,
is that, I don't, I don't know if he minds me saying this or just, Henry Kissinger's
son is in the room.
What?
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, okay.
I, Rob goes, you know, when you're jerking off, you can't just pass by that.
All right, go on, go on.
Uh, you're about to tell a sharpie up the butt story to Henry Kissinger's son.
This Schrab, uh, tells you, yeah, when you're coming, you rub the, uh, you know, that what
we would call the taint, what we would come to call the taint, uh, when we achieved that
kind of word power, Rob's like, you know, you rub that part, when you're coming, you,
you, it feels better.
Come hard.
Why do you keep looking at me?
Who am I supposed to look at the, uh, that girl like that, like, wait, wait, wait, that
fella, who, who, who should I look at while you chose me for a certain, well, I thought
I could trust you.
Uh, I'll just stare in the lights, look at me while you tell the story.
So Rob said, when you're coming, you know, you, you, you rub the, you rub the, uh, little,
the area between your, uh, your, your, your butt and your balls.
It's, uh, it's a thing.
It's like, it feels a little better.
It's a, you're still, and I was like, I wonder why that is.
What is that?
It was a magic button there.
I did a little research at the local library, actually, actually, I just happened upon it.
I think it was like in a, in a, like a penthouse magazine or something.
I said, this is a pre-internet world of, of, of delightful, uh, periodical literature.
Um, and, uh, there was some guy wrote in a letter to playboy or penthouse or something
and said, dear playboy, I, my girlfriend was, uh, uh, uh, uh, pleasuring me.
And she started, she rubbed the area that Schrab was talking about.
Rob Schrab.
That is a great direct to video movie.
Uh, have you seen Tate Master 2?
Oh yeah.
I, I, I didn't like it, but I heard Tate Master 3 is going to pretend Tate Master 2 didn't
happen.
It's so cool because I didn't like learning that Tate Master was an alien.
I, I thought that he was a master of Tates that was earthbound and, uh, and, and could,
and could speak to them and see through their eyes.
Um, I've got that poster.
It's amazing.
This thing was interesting at Mark Singer, who was in Beastmaster.
He had a, uh, have you watched Beastmaster?
He has a very visible, very clear, uh, uh, uh, what is it, it's a smallpox vaccination
thing.
I just think that's interesting because it's like, he's the Beastmaster.
He's, he's even a master of, of, of microscopic beasts.
He, before anyone in this world had, uh, had vaccinations.
He did.
Uh, uh, all right.
You 25 year old fuckers.
Maybe educate yourselves a little bit.
I don't want us to go down that road again.
Who is Eddie Brackell?
Uh, what's aerobics?
All right.
So Rob Schrab is rubbing your chain.
That's, that's not, that's, that's why, that's, that's why you left off.
I was, I was, it was that too.
I read a letter in a magazine with the goddess.
I read a letter in a magazine where a guy wrote into a magazine and said, uh, I, I,
my girlfriend did this thing.
She rubbed this spot and it, and something amazing happened.
Uh, what can you explain on the doctor sex or whoever was writing into said, uh, oh,
she's stimulating your prostate gland.
Uh, uh, that's what's happening.
Some people choose to do it internally.
Uh, that's why people stick stuff up their butt sometime.
That's what, that's the same thing.
And so I thought, huh, like you with the fishnets, what, what am I going to die?
Not having a, what if, what if, how do you know?
I mean, what do you, what if it's my favorite thing?
What if I turned into the guy that loves, why did you climb that mountain?
Because it was there.
You hear about it sometimes.
You hear about guys liking the, liking stuff in their, uh, their hoo-ha.
So I thought maybe I'm going to, so I, so at one point I'm, I'm going, I'm, I'm, I'm
sitting down for a personal session, uh, and, uh, and, and, and, and I, and, and I think
to myself, uh, uh, well, maybe, maybe this is the time I try to, I'll try to, I'll try
to put something in there and see if it's like magic, you know, see if a genie comes
out, um, go on.
So I looked around my house because I did, I thought, well, I'm not going to put my finger
in there.
Yeah.
Because it's, because it's a butt, that's gross.
I don't want my, I don't want poopies on my finger.
This is for the ladies.
So I'm like, well, it's for an object time.
So I, I look around and I'm like, I landed on a, uh, Sharpie pen, not, not the cap end,
but the, just the, because the, there's the regular, just smooth, white end.
That's what I'm talking about.
I was like, well, this is a, this is a, this is a good starter, you know, like, start,
start slow.
Maybe I'll end up putting a thermos up there, but, uh, let's, let's find out.
Uh, and so I, you know, the end of the story is I have a Sharpie pen stuck up my ass and
I came and it wasn't that big a deal.
Me, it might have been a little better.
I mean, I can't remember, but what I do remember very clearly is there's a thing with guys,
um, when God, this is something that's very amazing to me.
When guys have an orgasm, it is instantaneous, like whatever was in your bloodstream, whatever
was in your brain that was making you sexually pro, you know, uh, uh, uh, uh, excited.
Like it is literally in an instant.
Like the moment of your orgasm, the guy, it's like the thought of sex is like mowing
the lawn.
It says it doesn't, it's everything goes away completely.
You go from being like Dr. Detroit to being Dan Acheride.
Wow.
Fuck you guys.
Just, just rent some shit.
Dr. Detroit, now I'm turned on again.
You go from being Mr. Hyde to back to having a PhD again, uh, as soon as you orgasm.
So I came and I had a pin up my ass.
I was just, that is the sweetest taboo.
Thank you sir.
Uh, I, I, I, there's nothing, I think you, you don't want, like, like you'll do almost
anything when you're in that zone, like you'll, you'll, you're, you're, you're, it's, it does
things to your mind and your, and your body, but then when it's all over, you don't want
any props involved that, that, that are going to like take time and effort to deal with.
Like I, I was a man who, you know, I was back to being a normal stockbroker.
You know, just, I wasn't ever really a stockbroker.
That would be embarrassing.
Uh, I had a pin up my ass and I had to pull it out.
Yeah.
Well, wouldn't, wouldn't you rather I did, uh, so, so,
So you didn't, you didn't want me to like pull it out now and go, and here it is.
So when you come up after the show,
Like a golden railroad spike,
Well, after the show down and be signing autographs and pictures.
Yes.
I told the community writer's room that and there was no end of Sharpie jokes.
Uh, yeah.
Well, do you want, here, here's some things on the docket for tonight.
All right.
We got to have Spencer come up, our dungeon master.
Oh fuck yeah.
We're going to have Spencer come up and he's going to just talk to us, you and me.
Spencer whom we met last, uh, last week.
Yes.
I said, I brought a dungeon master up on stage who volunteered to talk to us about Dungeons
and Dragons and, and Spencer's going to come up, talk to us a little bit, uh, about, about
the kinds of characters we might like to play in a Dungeons and Dragons game.
And then he'll, he'll take his seat, uh, there, there's a lovely commemorative Sharpie
pen under it for him, uh, he, he, he, he, and then, and then next week, then he'll,
I get, you know, present our characters to us and that'll be another, you know, I gotta
try to, it'll, it's, it's, it's a weekly step-by-step baby steps.
I don't know where that's going to go.
Are we going to end up playing Dungeons and Dragons on the, on the podcast here at Harmontown?
Will we, three weeks from now, will we have a table up on stage and we'll just do a little
segment where we do a little, little, little baby chapter of an adventure with a dungeon
master, will Spencer be our dungeon master or, or having rolled our characters, you know,
will he abdicate to that throne?
Will we audition, as I suggested, we might other dungeon masters and each week and see
how they, how they work for us.
So I don't know.
I don't plan that far ahead.
I'm a bad planner.
I stick pens up my ass.
That was not a guy who is thinking about Wednesday on Monday.
That's a, that is a man who deems his Carpe's new, please, please welcome to the stage for
those of you who are here last week or listen to it last week, sorry, I totally blue balled
your applause there.
I'm sorry about that.
But for those of you here last week or listening to it last week, we, you know, I said I want
to play Dungeons and Dragons on the podcast, I think, I want to, somebody needs to roll
characters for us.
We, I needed immediately, I'm so out of touch with the world of Dungeons and Dragons.
I haven't, I, I, I, I, the books I own are from 89 and thank you for applause for a year.
It was applause for a year, someone applauded a year.
So we brought this guy up.
He shot his hand up when I said, who knows anything about Dungeons and Dragons?
Who's a dungeon master?
Spencer raised his hand coming up and, and so I talked to him after the show.
I think we should edit all this out because I'm explaining a bunch of redundant bullshit.
But let's, let's, let's bring our character, the guy who's going to create Jeff and I's
first level Dungeons and Dragons characters to the stage.
It's Spencer, everybody, bring him up.
How's it going?
Here he is.
Now at risk, Jeff, you're like, for those listening, do we want to describe Spencer?
He really does scream dungeon master.
I would say, what, six, five, four, how tall are you?
Six, four.
Bearded, hair, pretty long, metallica length hair, lower, lower scapula length.
He's a, he's bespectacled and kind of like, you know, intellectual small glasses.
He's got a, a t-shirt, some plaid shorts, he's very casually dressed.
I, you know, I, I would have pictured a top hat and a cloak, but I mean, but it's a podcast.
There's different kinds of dungeon master.
I mean, this is, this is the, well edit that part out.
He's a, he has a leather top hat and goggles on, on the, the goggles aren't in his face.
They're on the hat.
And he's wearing a jacket that goes down to the floor and there's 18 buckles on it.
He has pockets on each arm, each of which are clearly carrying a weapon.
And he has a dice satchel.
That's not true.
No, we want, I want people to really know.
He's a very casual dungeon master.
He looks like a, a, a, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's casual Friday at the Norse Pillager village
on the Viking ship.
Yes.
It's, it's, it's biz casual.
It's fried during the Norman invasion.
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's laundry day on Eric the Red's boat.
Right.
It's a, it's a big, big bushy beard, six foot four.
Only of the month, uh, 1524.
Okay.
All right.
So Spencer, uh, the, the, the, the, the, all our, our goal right now for this conversation,
all we want to do is just, we want to talk about the kinds of characters Jeff and I would
like to play.
Now there's not a lot of like two person campaigns is there in Dungeons and Dragons.
That's not really a common thing.
I don't think it's too common, but it does end up happening.
Yeah.
Well, it's, it's, it's, sometimes you don't have any friends.
Exactly.
If there's one contingency, we have the role playing ilk, uh, have to prepare ourselves
for, it's, uh, it's less people showing up than we thought.
Can I just say like two pens and a real doll ago, I was like, they're going to think I'm
a loser.
You're welcome.
You're like Carrie Grant up here.
Uh, yeah, I am not a, uh, yeah, I am, uh, I am a nerd's nerd.
Have you ever tried on stockings and put a pen in your butt Spencer?
Can't say that I have, but I'm interested.
Yeah.
What a square.
Uh, all right.
So yeah.
So it happens.
I think that, uh, uh, when, because I know that in creating, uh, parties of Dungeons and
Dragons characters, what you want is a kind of balance.
Like it's possible for Jeff and I to both be magic users or, but, and both, or both
be fighters, but we'd probably want to, we probably want to balance ourselves a little.
Yeah.
You want some like, uh, some heavy meat to take some damage and, uh, some, yeah, you
want to balance.
Sweetest taboo.
Uh, I've never played this.
I have no idea what either of you two are talking about.
All right.
Well, let's walk them through it Spencer.
So if I'm assuming that the third edition of Dungeons and Dragons has a change, has
a change to the fundamentals of phrase was like, there's class, class is like occupation.
There's fighter.
Oh, you, you listen.
All right.
Yeah.
So mostly it's just like classes.
There's the barbarian, which is, you know, a barbarian.
There's a bard which tells magical stories and can cast spells and cause people to double
over and painful laughter.
There's a clerics.
They channel their power of their gods.
Let's see, uh, druids.
They're kind of like hippies, but with magic, um, you got fighters, they have big swords
and whatnot.
You got, uh, let's see here.
All right.
You got monks, which are kind of like martial artists.
You like Jackie Chan kind of people.
You got your rain, no, you got your paladins, which, you know, they smite evil in the name
of their gods and are usually jerks.
There's, uh, Rangers.
I think it's hand shot up when he heard that description.
You got the Rangers, which is like Lego loss from Lord of the Rings.
He's got a bow.
He uses two swords, you know, that sort of thing.
Um, and they're kind of nature experts.
Yeah.
They got, they can hunt there.
They can, uh, have beast pets sort of thing like Beastmaster.
Yeah.
Like Taintmaster.
Almost.
Uh, wait, is that, uh, are those thieves?
Thieves and assassins?
Yeah.
There's thieves, which are rogues.
They can be like assassins or just thieves, you know, stealing stuff or sneaking on high
ledges.
I'm going to go for, um, what's a barbarian do?
Barbarians fly into dangerous rages in which they shrug off even the fiercest of damage.
I'll take that.
I'm a barbarian.
All right.
Sounds good.
So then I definitely, I feel like, I feel like-
Can I wear a suit?
Can I be a barbarian in a suit?
Yeah.
No.
It could be like ripped, you know, cut off like slacks.
That's a librarian.
Uh, uh, the, uh, I should offset that then with like a spell casting kind of occupation.
Yeah.
Like a bard or a druid or a wizard.
You know, I think I'm just going to go straight up the middle because it's like, you've got
a barbarian and then I should, I should be a cleric or magic user.
Yeah.
A cleric or druid.
Okay, I'm going to say magic users so that we have some offensive capability between the
two of us.
Thank you.
Give a little bit of applause there from Rob Schrab.
Uh, so then there's class.
That's the first choice you make.
So we've done that.
Then there's race.
Yeah.
My favorite.
The most exciting thing in the world to me.
Uh-
You're a, you're a Filipino bard.
Yeah.
You want to run down the races?
You got, um, well, I mean humans.
Those are us.
Um.
Oh, he's good.
The right man for the job.
You got your elves.
Most people know what elves are.
They live in trees.
They like bows and arrows.
They're taught what some people think elves are a little shrimpy, shrimpy, shrimpy people.
I make cookies.
Yeah.
Like, like, this isn't a Kepler elf.
Is there?
Well, actually, yeah.
Lord of the Rings.
Now everybody knows that it's a Orlando bloom.
Okay.
You got, uh, half elves, which are half human, half elf, loved by all.
They're accepted.
Okay.
That's just true.
That's the game.
Okay.
Don't hate the role-player.
Uh, okay.
Uh.
You got half elf, or no, halflings, which are rarely, really short people.
Kind of like toddlers, if they looked old.
I think I'll, I think I'll, I think I'll be a human, I'm gonna be a human magic user.
Pussy.
All right.
This, this dwarf barbarian is going to beat your ass.
Am I a gnome or a dwarf?
You're probably a gnome.
You could be a dwarf, but that's less hilarious.
No.
Nope, it is.
And the, and the, and the rest of it, you know, unless we have any specific requests
that we want to talk about, like I've got concepts that we want to, because part of
your job now as a dungeon master, from what I understand is, he's going to go roll our
characters.
This is a comedy show.
So some of it involves actual die-rolling, like, like, you know, like, like generating
our attributes, which are strength, intelligence, wisdom, charisma, I'm assuming.
Stop me if I'm wrong.
No, those are all right.
Yeah.
Uh, okay.
And we could, we could turn you loose now and you could, you could, you could roll as first-level
characters.
We're going to be very weak.
Uh, and we're going to have a kind of, and then, and then we'll, you'll present them
to us next week.
You go, here's your character.
So maybe, maybe we, maybe we should come up with our names, Jeff.
I'm going to guess you're going to be Mission Nightblade.
No, I'm not, because I'm going to be a magic user.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'll come up with my name, uh, right now.
No.
No, no, what do you think Spencer, do we come up with them now or do we, do we, do you come
back with these characters that are nameless?
You should come up with a name now.
You know how about this?
Uh, let's let the audience tonight name our characters.
Okay.
All right.
Uh, I want, uh, let's see.
Uh, you right here, sir.
Hold your hand there.
And then you miss right there.
I want you to put your hand there, right there.
Yeah.
I want, uh, you to give me my first name and I want you to make it, uh, uh, know me.
Like, you know, like something that, that, that to think of whatever a gnomes name would
be and you, something barbaric.
Okay.
And on the count of three, I want you to say what you're thinking right now.
So you, sir, give me the gnomes first name.
Yours, ma'am, are the barbaric last name.
Ready?
One, two, three.
Quirk.
All right.
I am quirk.
Okay.
All right.
That's fucking backfire.
Yeah.
I think I'll just call you a quirk probably.
I don't know.
I, I, I, I, we'll be on a first name basis for most of the time.
Uh, I, uh, uh, I'm from a long line of magic user, magic user, Sharpie, Sharpie, so, so
Sharpie Buttsalot, Sharpie Buttsalot.
Okay.
All right.
No, no wrong answers.
Sharp, Sharpie Buttsalot.
The magic user.
We're definitely starting off on the right foot.
Okay.
All right.
Well, uh, let's have a hand for Spencer.
He's going to go do some hard work for us.
Spencer.
And, uh, thank you, Spencer.
Yeah.
He's going to go do those characters in the next week.
He'll, he'll, he'll come to us with what he's created and then we'll, we'll just examine
them and that'll be, we'll probably won't start playing next week, but then, then we'll,
because then we'll have time to, uh, I'm not going to produce the show in front of you
guys.
We'll talk about it later.
Um, we should, we should do rapid fire.
Let's get these fashion questions out and then, and then let's send these people on their
merry way.
It's Friday night.
They got to.
We're not going to hear Rob's butt story or no?
Well, I don't think, I just don't think it's time.
Rob washed his butt too much and, uh, all right, Schrab, come up.
Okay.
How can you, can you do the, yeah.
You want the short version?
Yeah.
What's the short version?
Oh gosh.
I don't remember to remind me how did, how did this all get started?
By the way.
It all got city seats in the building.
I know.
I don't know why they put chairs.
These are reserved.
Yeah.
Well, also that's part of that's my fault.
Rob's describing.
This is, this is your view the entire time.
Yeah.
The entire stage right here at the show, uh, audience left.
You look at the back of Dan's head most of the show.
Yeah.
What is that?
It's my fault.
It's also my fault because I tend to talk to Jeff because I'm insecure.
That's okay.
And so then you're looking at my tight pass.
Also, uh, at everything is, uh, terror, uh, everything is festival.
Uh, Joel in cinematic Titanic is going to be on Sunday.
Oh, okay.
So go to see that because it's super hilarious.
It's, it's important to mention that our hero and mentor Joel Hodgson from Mystery Science
Theater is here.
Joel Hodgson, truly a God among, among nerds and even some regular people.
Uh, Joel, Joel was when, when, when, when I moved to LA, we were strangers in a strange
land.
We had no idea what we were doing.
And this other guy from the Midwest who we worshiped, uh, when we were in Milwaukee because
we loved his show.
Uh, you know, he, he, he was out here in LA too and he showed, you know, he was a big
part of making us comfortable out here, you know, explaining to us like how disgusting
he could be out here and, and preparing us for that.
Uh, and he's a, he's a good standup guy.
He's a great guy.
I miss him like the Dickens.
Missing, missing, missing Dickens.
Uh, anyways.
You mean it's, you make the whole taint thing sound like we were like some serious chuck
and buck shit.
Hey man, you know what you got to do?
You got to rub that taint when you're jerking off, it's not like that at all.
We were, I would be Chuck, right?
Right?
That's important to you.
That's really petty.
That's really petty, Rob.
He's thinner, right?
He's thinner.
All right.
But what, what, I mean, there's several chapter decades.
Stop me when you want to take over.
Okay.
That at some point in his life became obsessive about cleaning his anus.
That was, I, I, that, that, that was an uncharismatic.
Is that a really, is that a really a bad thing?
But no, no, of course not.
It's what's bad is how late in life I became upset.
You decided that you weren't.
Yeah.
That you would, I don't think my mom potty trained me properly because I remember, I
remember, I remember like, I don't know what it was.
I don't know if my mom said it, but I got it in my head that all you had to do is wipe
three times.
All the sealant if you want me.
Press out the pipe.
If you wipe three times, I was never taught to look at the tissue.
I was a kid.
It was like wipe three times.
All the sealant if you want me.
And then, and then flush.
And the toilet paper magically makes the poop go away.
Which is not true if you've ever tried to get a peanut butter off the carpet.
So then you felt it at a time and you.
Don't take three wipes.
What, what, what?
What goes on in Wisconsin by the way.
He is right.
He's crazy over there.
So, but that's, that's the, that's the setup is that.
So you started, what you started doing is you started like really kind of.
Going for it.
Yeah.
Like really washing it.
Making up for 20 years because I.
God.
I can't, I can't tell why.
Yes, I can.
Okay.
So as a joke.
Oh man.
I'm so sorry, honey.
I'm so.
You, you, she's married to you now.
She can't do anything.
I want to stay married.
She's not going to divorce you for.
Oh God.
Telling how you clean your.
So anyway, as a joke back in the dead ale wives days, when we would show our balls and our
dicks and stuff like that, it was the funniest thing in the world.
We thought we invented that.
Yeah.
I dropped my pants and I, I don't know, grabbed a towel and I wiped it and it was shockingly
dirt.
It's soiled.
And our, everybody goes, nobody's more embarrassed than I am.
And then our good friend, Sean McKenna, like looked at me who would pull his dick out and
pee on your shoe as a joke and stuff.
Look at me.
Yeah.
Sean had a bit.
He would do called the Star Wars trilogy where he would do, he would do three things with
his penis.
Like, like he would do it.
He would make it a lightsaber with a pen light and he would pretend it was Jabba the hut
by making his ballsack talk and then for an empire, he would, he, he, he would, he would
tuck it into its own force.
And then pretend it was the, the, the, the big reptile creature trying to swallow the
Millennium Falcon as the, his pinky was the Millennium Falcon as it flew away and it would,
he would, he would let his package like unpackage.
The point being, Sean McKenna is not someone that you want that from, you know, derision,
you don't take it lightly.
Like I said, that, that pre pulled fiction comedy just was so easy back then.
What, like he had a, he had an impression of Jimmy Durante that could, that was great.
Yeah, he involved a pair of glasses in his dick.
Yeah.
His closer was Jimmy Sneezy.
Sometimes Jimmy had a cold.
Let's move on.
So anyway, the guy, the guy who would do that, I, I, as a joke, as a joke.
As a joke, I wiped my ass and, and Sean goes, Jesus Christ.
Do you ever wipe your ass?
And it was like, it didn't make sense to me until that moment.
But my, somebody hit rewind on the, on the VCR in my head and I rewound like from 24 to
4 going, oh my God.
I am the most disgusting person in the world and things started making sense.
The dots were connected and I was like, oh my God.
I think it's probably, I don't have a girlfriend.
But after that, I was, I went for it.
I was like washing, it was, it was scrubbing.
It just, just like, to OCD.
And that escalated.
Like we, because we found a, he could get special shower heads.
When Kate, yes.
Kate, when we first moved in, Kate, because she was the best girlfriend in the world and
now is the most amazing wife in the world, please applaud.
Kate Freund.
Kate Freund married to the tank master.
She, she buys me as, I think it was like a birthday present or a Christmas present,
like a shower snake.
You know what it would, you know where you attach it so you could do it.
Just so I could really wash my ass.
Because you wanted to, because she wanted you to.
No, no, no, no, no.
She knew it would make you happy.
And, and because I don't know, I got it in my head that the hotter the water, the cleaner
it would be.
Makes sense.
And, and you know.
Works for dishes.
Right.
Yeah.
That's what I did.
That's what I was thinking.
So I, like, I remember, I remember there was a point where I was like, I have my leg up.
I have a leg up.
I know.
You dressed like a woman.
I invited people.
What?
You put on fishnets.
Yeah, I look good.
I remember, I'm in the shower, my leg hiked up, spraying.
And at the other, and the other hand is slowly turning up the heat.
So I'm going.
And, and going.
Ah.
Like.
Try again.
One pill makes you happy.
Yeah, just really trying.
Because I was trying to, to, to boil away 20 years worth of disgusting, terrible hygiene.
And I remember we went, I remember like one, one time I went, I went really too far.
And I think I got like an instant message.
Well, that was like the night before New Year's.
Because we went to, we went to Vegas with, with Davis and, and, and like Akiva, Akiva
Shaffer was there and, and Drew Carey was there and, and I was like, well, it's, were
you, were you there?
Okay.
Were we dating it?
All right.
Well, it's New Year's Eve.
Time to.
On the top patent tails here, let's just really clean it up.
And I remember.
Did we drive?
We drove there, right?
I don't know.
Somewhere between the shower and the stroke of midnight, things just, just were not right
with the Taint Master.
It was, oh gee, and it was like, I, I scalded my entire, like, I just was like for a month,
I was just like, good heavens.
So you went to this doctor.
That's the story that I.
Okay.
Wait.
That's, I didn't know.
That's the prologue?
Yeah.
That's the prologue.
That's the, that's the crawl before we go to Tatooine.
This is a dark day for the rebellion or hot or hot.
It could be hot.
Oh, they don't even know.
This is probably hot.
Your asshole needed to go to hot to cool down.
So I, so I didn't have a doctor at the time and Kate helps me find like this, find this.
It was the worst.
I had this terrible Armenian doctor that I went in there.
Which is it?
That's not.
It's just it was Armenian.
It was terrible and Armenian.
That's not like Irish medicine.
It just, it just, and I went in there and I, I didn't sit down and he, he's like, oh,
why, what's, what's wrong with you?
I mean, it's.
He studied, he studied, he went to school in that below you, I think.
Was it, was it, was his name Boyardian?
Oh, what's that?
Oh, what's so wrong with you?
What's the wrong?
Dr. Boyardian.
You're needed in the meatball ward.
So we are dating.
So we talk for a really long time.
He says, so, so what's, what's the, what's the problem?
And I'm like, and I'm like, well, I think there's.
He might not have been Armenian by the way.
I think, I think I can't do an Armenian accent.
So I just do Italian.
Oh, was he jumping over barrels?
His secretary was a giant gorilla.
Who had plus signs for teeth.
And so, so we talk about it for a while.
So, well, I think, I think I got something going on down there and I'm worried about it.
I'm trying to find out if there's a way that we can do something about it without me showing my butt.
Not going to happen.
So, so he's like, well, why don't you take off your clothes and get up on the table.
So I'm like, that's a spicy butthole.
Mama mia, marron.
So, so I get on, I get on the table and I'm naked.
I'm naked.
I'm naked and I'm on all fours.
And we have a conversation with my nuts.
Like, he's like, look in there.
And he goes, all right, let's see what the problem is.
And he goes, oh my, what did you do?
Mama mia.
And I try to act like, what, what's going on?
What are you guys going on down there?
And he's like, oh, it's all colored, discolored and everything.
And I'm like, what, what, like blue?
What's going on?
And he's like, oh, okay.
Well, he, and he prescribes like all this, this junk that I'm supposed to put on there.
All right.
Well, yeah.
So go to found crap.
Yes.
Go to, go to found crap.
I think it's terrible.
Take master everybody.
Cinematic Titanium with Joel Hudson this Sunday.
That's monster house writer Rob Straub taking the stage.
All right.
We're going to, we're going to end this show with a speed round.
Yeah.
We got to do, I feel bad because people write these questions and then they're like,
there's a lot of good ones.
Our audience is the bad.
You guys ask the best.
You're really good at this.
This, we have you write stuff down on pieces of paper and you're always so cooperative
and so sincere and like really cool about it.
I want to reward you for that and not punish that.
I'm sorry.
It's, you know, we, we, we ran uncharacteristically long.
But I do want to tend to them.
All right.
Here we go.
Ladies and gentlemen, the theme tonight was fashion and style.
This is the speed round.
Dan, I want you to keep your answers as terse and as succinct as possible.
Here we go.
Should we get a number of words?
You want to pick?
You pick.
Okay.
Let's do, let's do three word answers.
Three word answers.
So Zach holds up three fingers because he's like, I got a pork chop with my name on it
at home.
Zach, our technician says three words.
Here we go.
It's starting off speed round.
Is it all right to wear a white, to wear a white fedora after labor day?
Yes.
Surree Bob.
Is it ever okay to wear a pattern tie with an Argyle vest?
Yes.
Surree Bob.
All right.
Okay.
This one's a little more abstract.
Ted Nugent or Gary Busey?
From a fashion standpoint.
Obviously Gary Busey.
All right.
What do you think of people who wear glasses to look nerdy or cute when they don't even
need them because they have fucking 2020?
Meow.
Glasses lady.
Have you ever considered beard braiding?
Just yesterday.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
Why do hipsters dress like Steve Urkel?
The alternatives worse.
Nice.
No, apparently not.
At what point does a t-shirt need to be thrown out?
More stains.
Happening.
That one was brought to you by...
Nike.
Tonto.
Where do you buy your clothes?
My girlfriend's purchase.
What should one wear to a bar mitzvah?
Probably a yamaka.
All right.
Here's a tough one, Dan.
Here's a tough one.
What shoes go with a narrow cut tapered black suit?
Adidas.
Thank you, everybody.
This has been Harmontown.
You guys have been fantastic.
Thank you so much.
Hope we didn't take too much of your Friday night.
Go have some fun.
Thank you.
You were a great crowd.
We love you dearly.
Try not to judge me too much for what I've said tonight.
Let's thank a few people.
Katie Levine, audio recording.
Zac McKeever, our tech.
Emily Gordon, producing a live show.
Danielle Cramer, program director.
Dustin Marshall, podcast producer.
Mo Fatulbab, on-site director.
And Jenny Fine, our logo artist.
I've been Jeff Davis at Comptroller.
One more time for Dan Harmon, the mayor of Harmontown.
I love you guys.
Have a good time out there.
Thank you so much.
I mean, nerd melts at Hollywood.
Thank you all for listening out there and podcast lamb.
This has been Harmontown.
Thank you.
Until next time.